One of your most crucial roles
as a data scientist is clearly communicating your insights to different audiences,
whether that's through code,
data visualizations, written or spoken communication.
Even if you build the best models or find groundbreaking results,
your work can fall short of its full value to
a company if you fail to effectively communicate to stakeholders.
For this reason, the last bit of information we will
cover is how to build a portfolio that demonstrates
your technical and communication skills by showcasing
your project on GitHub and organizing your results and thoughts together in a blog post.
I will show you how to leverage Medium and GitHub to share
your insights with others and begin putting together your portfolio.